[Music]
there's no doubt about it they're having
a ball and you're all invited Humphrey
Bogart and William Holden as the two
wealthiest brothers in America and
captivating Audrey Hepburn as Sabrina
the chauffeur's daughter who ran away to
Paris to learn about life and came back
home to live it in a great big way it's
Sabrina
isn't it amazing would you have
recognized it how do you like those legs
now David I'd taste something David the
last pair of legs it was something cost
the family $25,000 bill Holden stands
his engagement party on its ear when he
shows up with Sabrina instead of his
fiancee
Oh Sabrina Sabrina where have you been
all my life
right over the garage and when Humphrey
Bogart kisses are in the moonlight look
what happens to him we're all in the
family she's got him both in a spin but
only one can win and even the Board of
Directors can't head off the explosion
when these two meet head-on how about
that gentlemen that's enough David I
thought it was common knowledge about
you and Sabrina
[Music]